Fixes an error when reading GPKG with bbox filter + that no error is raised for an invalid where clause for GPKG (#150)
geopandas/pyogrio: CHANGES.md

### Bug fixes

-   register GDAL drivers during initial import of pyogrio (#145)

> -   fixes an error when reading GPKG with bbox filter + that no error is raised when an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   fixes an error when reading GPKG with bbox filter (#150) 
-   properly raises error when invalid where clause is used on a GPKG (#150)
```
